so this is today day all around a beautiful city the name you
can see business stands at 4
but I'm sorry I have divorced parents
chaput has acquiesced championship because right now it's nice
i am in sickness patrick street
so I'm here and I'm sorry and Croatian leaves to make his voice heard
I use board
percent because we're basically she's singing she's doing a good match this
time will be addressed
and for my age to be rich but I am honored that I counted myself
cut out I applied tibet week we will see how what I
wish to cut my hair
and I started crying his real challenge
I will cut my hair to do the same
and to behave a bit like did what I do first step always
with all your hair
on the coast
to part they come
wrong choice anyway something would be global
so to realize
e your coach that I think I would have been so often illicit
hairdresser
after
an elastic
and grace
so to start with our trouble you come
vote montebourg
I am a blogger
here
so once needed
you hold hair well so that your ideas are these shots
feet by the south trace
Quebec Oct. 6
yes she is very beautiful
like that
but his closest to maximum pc games
rebel
the aggressor who was always cut off
what do you want the decline
if you miss for any reason
it will always be more sold
so it will be mixed
and you can always catch up with your side
mascherano and my hair like that
and I do not want to cut a bit short but do not break a lot
so you imagine yourself
I was really so what are your dreams perez I cut
Why
simply because he is
i will come back like this with the united states
walnut is the same length
and I started again
so I bring them back one more time
and it is successful
I will not cut myself off from Paris
but it's deserved
listened a little more
that's all I hate
you have any other party
eric you're going to say that to something on this side so see the difference
I did not succeed
your kitty good enough
because
and you will see the difference to come true
it's not a soaked surprise
you had
a species of comparison the left
Yes
a party that she
titoff rc come cut
while informing that on the other side
as I said previously
yes I could have
I will die
a justice sponsorship he was always ready to die as a couple
- what do you think
- yes still answers that I count
for once
it does not stop
so
aqmi do not chome this center she in england
if ever in these areas
the ump is not enough price
in the polls m
and simply we will ask someone
who comes to check because she goes the central pair and retouching
required tgv below the alert threshold
so that's what I'm going to do
when he has things to say
we want to start
alas she specifies
you have sounds
we understand so it's pretty complicated
like this
eh be
are not coupled in fact
novethic of assises like that and you are you if we follow you
occurrence of capital
so in fact know that the army was then only on the board lens
you have to do it several times
There you go
but things are cut off
other countries are also the most hated
will assume
yes that makes the current crisis
I want to take care of synthesis which represents more than two-thirds for this
been because otherwise
she was there and you support I hope she will pay you
do not forget that when you try if your hair and are always earlier
that what you listen to it will go through a neighbor
so that's just not really frankly whatever the summer time and that
did you have you if I had forgotten not to say anyway what to do
magatte thiam